hola como estan today we will
make a recipe very easy is for
prepare some chicken breasts to the
iron will see that they will be super
rich and very easy to do for it
We need 2 tablespoons of oil
then I will put a cube of nor
Swiss and I'm going to start dissolving
do it with your hand they will see what it is
much easier to make a pill
of this recipe they will see that between
friends will be very useful to you already
who have the pasta we are going to spread it on
the only part of the pechuguita
above
and then we are going to put the posture
very well we have to leave it about 4 or 5
minutes on each side to take color and
start cooking and then we go
to flip
It is a delicious golden color
this is what we like to see with
golden color that has a lot of flavor
let's leave another 45 minutes to be
finish cooking
here I like a chick as well as cubes
or as appetizing
and that's what our recipe does with
the pasta of no
was ready look perfect today is
golden brown and now we are going to cut it
I'm going to put here
and we are going to cut
Can cut slices can cut
a few large pieces here are going to see the
juices cited that is
we have on the plate we can decorate
even see some book
magazine something that helps them to give one
idea of how they want to present it with
how perfect this was our recipe for
today I hope you liked it and if you want
keep discovering more secrets with me
Visit our website www.xerv.com.mx and
we will prepare new recipes see you